[Music]
here's what happened I actually saw CNN
tease about a water so many a house I
polished a great and I sneeze in Beijing
so I go out now Shanghai which is not
going to happen and then I saw an
Instagram post of a nut another one like
oh my god another water something and
he's in Los Angeles I mean all the jokes
aside I was just like an interesting
thing new and then I just go why just
come on our podcast me is like short
yeah I want to know what what we're
drinking I want to see if that's good oh
hey Martin I'm coming up very what is
alive but you're the water shin yeah
more credible authority I just like I
wanted to be the one to pull this right
it's like finally onion yeah they'd
invented this isn't even set up okay and
I take one of these glasses and give you
a glass of our house - or doesn't work
yeah yeah yeah yeah I can't believe this
kind of cool stuff this has got what
skin flakes in it yeah it's middle son
I've never drank out water and we always
are looking for other sources this is
exactly right what's this
my thank you get her back
really no I think Stokes are totally
cool are you guys I had to do something
fun sorry by the way you are our first
guest
I'm not exaggerating here in a couple
years oh my god we used to have gas all
the troop I feel actually autumn like
this was way cooler than I thought it
would go like this this is really good
it's an interesting thing that's because
obviously when you hear the word water
somebody the first thing what comes to
most people is like what an idiot oh
yeah bullshit bullshit what an idiot
that's completely not the business
shake-up but when you suddenly meet and
have some different waters in your glass
and take them and you talk a little bit
about you somebody realizing holy shit I
never thought about it so much - I want
to give them strong tastes desire this
real quickly thank you not very cool try
that ban taking its Kilda wow so smooth
I do every time I come here I have my
own little water bottle up ahead yeah I
always bring water but I look and this
again like my favorite whatever sores
well that one of this is water mirror
from Christina's homeland from hungry oh
yeah
oh god this like so much salt enough and
it's super unpretentious because none of
people always thing like are the most
potential thing of order so maybe like
I'm the last petitioners guy immediately
I just want to drink water and Martin
look this is what a bruh and now the
worst part about this is and this is
really why like a regular basis our
preferred one whatever you want to do
yeah but here what I really hate about
smart water what they really trigger me
that they are bad-mouthing natural
cooling Springs on the label are they
really yes clouds get a bad rap unuse
heroes because they contain natural pure
source of water let's face it smog were
talking about cook tap water yeah that's
all of this cool and smart waters for
the trash can not for your body hey my
name is Matt Sarita I'm America's only
water somebody and check me out on my
homepage Martin flash freezes calm or
just Google waters from again you will
definitely find me right away she is
good
[Music]